README.md, before:

# Scrapy Project with Docker

This repository contains a Scrapy project set up with Docker and Docker Compose for a containerized Python environment.

## Project Structure

```
.
├── docker-compose.yml
└── scraper/
    ├── docker/
    │   └── Dockerfile
    ├── requirements.txt
    ├── scrapy.cfg
    └── scraper/
        ├── __init__.py
        ├── items.py
        ├── middlewares.py
        ├── pipelines.py
        ├── settings.py
        └── spiders/
            ├── __init__.py
            └── example_spider.py
```

## Requirements

- Docker
- Docker Compose

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository:
   ```
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd <repository-directory>
   ```

2. Build and start the Docker container:
   ```
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

   By default, the container will run with the same user ID and group ID as your host user to avoid permission issues.
   If you need to specify different IDs, you can do so by setting the `UID` and `GID` environment variables:
   ```
   UID=$(id -u) GID=$(id -g) docker-compose up -d
   ```

3. Access the container shell:
   ```
   docker-compose exec scraper bash
   ```

4. Run the example spider:
   ```
   scrapy crawl example
   ```

Alternatively, you can uncomment the command line in `docker-compose.yml` to run the spider directly when starting the container.

## Creating a New Spider

1. Access the container shell:
   ```
   docker-compose exec scraper bash
   ```

2. Create a new spider:
   ```
   scrapy genspider <spider-name> <domain>
   ```

3. Edit the spider file in `scraper/scraper/spiders/<spider-name>.py`

## Running Spiders

```
scrapy crawl <spider-name>
```

## Exporting Data

To export data to a file, use the `-o` option:

```
scrapy crawl <spider-name> -o output.json
```

Supported formats include JSON, CSV, XML, and more.

## Customizing the Project

- Edit `scraper/scraper/settings.py` to configure Scrapy settings
- Create item classes in `scraper/scraper/items.py`
- Implement item pipelines in `scraper/scraper/pipelines.py`
- Add middleware in `scraper/scraper/middlewares.py`

Commit message:

Add standalone entry script for running the spider
Introduced `entry.py` as a simpler way to execute the scraper without using the traditional Scrapy command. Updated documentation and `docker-compose.yml` to reflect the new script, while retaining compatibility with Scrapy's native commands for advanced use cases.

README.md, after:

# Scrapy Project with Docker

This repository contains a Scrapy project set up with Docker and Docker Compose for a containerized Python environment.

## Project Structure

```
.
├── docker-compose.yml
└── scraper/
    ├── docker/
    │   └── Dockerfile
    ├── requirements.txt
    ├── scrapy.cfg
    └── scraper/
        ├── __init__.py
        ├── items.py
        ├── middlewares.py
        ├── pipelines.py
        ├── settings.py
        └── spiders/
            ├── __init__.py
            └── example_spider.py
```

## Requirements

- Docker
- Docker Compose

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository:
   ```
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd <repository-directory>
   ```

2. Build and start the Docker container:
   ```
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

   By default, the container will run with the same user ID and group ID as your host user to avoid permission issues.
   If you need to specify different IDs, you can do so by setting the `UID` and `GID` environment variables:
   ```
   UID=$(id -u) GID=$(id -g) docker-compose up -d
   ```

3. Access the container shell:
   ```
   docker-compose exec scraper bash
   ```

4. Run the example spider:
   ```
   ./entry.py
   ```

Alternatively, you can uncomment the command line in `docker-compose.yml` to run the spider directly when starting the container.

## Creating a New Spider

1. Access the container shell:
   ```
   docker-compose exec scraper bash
   ```

2. Create a new spider:
   ```
   scrapy genspider <spider-name> <domain>
   ```

3. Edit the spider file in `scraper/scraper/spiders/<spider-name>.py`

## Running Spiders

```
./entry.py
```

Note: The entry.py script is configured to run the example spider. If you need to run a different spider, you'll need to
modify the script.

## Exporting Data

To export data to a file when using the entry.py script, you'll need to modify the script to include output options.
Alternatively, you can still use the traditional Scrapy command with the `-o` option:

```
scrapy crawl example -o output.json
```

Supported formats include JSON, CSV, XML, and more.

## Customizing the Project

- Edit `scraper/scraper/settings.py` to configure Scrapy settings
- Create item classes in `scraper/scraper/items.py`
- Implement item pipelines in `scraper/scraper/pipelines.py`
- Add middleware in `scraper/scraper/middlewares.py`
